Add Enhance Content Section to Help Center (#124)
bump-sh/docs: src/_help/enhance-documentation-content/index.md

---
title: Enhance your documentation content
---

- TOC
{:toc}

> API documentation deserve a bit more writing. It can be useful to add an introduction or a quick tutorial. You might want to provide context, additional reading or understanding materials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API documentation deserves a bit more writing than a plain technical description. It can be useful to add an introduction or a quick tutorial. You might want to provide context, additional reading, or understanding materials.
```
